# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-09-14

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG05PDZ8JSk
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/797

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Nathan Walker (@wwwalkerrun)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)   
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb) 
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb) 

## Agenda

### Announcements

* W3C AC Office Hours today @ 4 p.m.
* OpenJS World Programming Committee - This Thursday!
* Robin - This Friday will be a guest on “in the open” with Joe, at 12 ET. All things OpenJS
* Joe - Travis CI security issue, if you are still using it rotate your keys
* Nathan - NativeScript 8.1 release!! 

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.
  * No updates this week.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Recurring Events and Reminders [#795](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/795)
  * Joe - no update 
  * Doc in the repo where we can collect and check on them

* Create Dates-and-Reminders.md [#794](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/794)
  * See PR - should we capture dates in an issue or in a document in the repo
  * Agreed to do doc at to repo; closing
  * Request to add these events to public calendar
  * please review so this can land 

* \[WIP\] Start listing documents maintained by the CPC [#789](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/789)
  * Tobie - No Update

* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * Next steps are agreed
  * May need additional requirements to disclose who is receiving the report emails.
  * Group agrees this is a reasonable requirement - recipients must be known to senders.

* Simplify CoC page [#782](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/782)
  * waiting on board approval

* Reminders for long term events [#758](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/758)
  * Should be closed when #794 lands

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * Robin reported on the Nodejs Lift scholarship - launch plan
    * Robin calls for volunteers to review applicants as they come in
    * Review period in ~30 days after it goes live
  * Jory gave a brief overview of the working meeting on Community Fund
    * thank you program - several options for acknowledgement
       * Nathan - suggested a widget or similar process for the community to acknowledge 
    * Ad Hoc needs/ requests
    * Meetup Support

* Dojo report link in Code of Conduct is broken [#645](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/645)
  * Notify Dylan - need new link

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * No update on this
  * Still exploring if Linux foundation can support DCO bot by becoming code owners for
    requested PR.

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

