# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-08-17

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQ_2Byxh09A
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/791


## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Rich Trott (@Trott)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb) 

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Marketing committee meeting after this meeting.
* Programming committee calls are on Thursdays at 11 a.m. ET - join us!
* Still using JS Foundation bots/infra? Talk to us - will help you move off of the old infra onto new EasyCLA tool
* Book club on Thursday! 3 p.m. ET

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* \[WIP\] Start listing documents maintained by the CPC [#789](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/789)
  * some documents added; more should be added.
  * closes: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/746


* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * follow up from previous discussion about CoC and requirements
    * reporting method
    * data retention and privacy
    * escalation
    * training / education (Node may have training materials from a previous engagement with a training co.)
    * email list for reporting rather than direct email to maintainer specifically, but would need to also give guidance on how to do this and have reporters feel safe; i.e. not emailing the person the report is referencing  

* Kickoff election process for Secondary CPC Director. [#784](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/784)
  * Last call for nominations; Joe will announce nominees tomorrow - last call!
  * There will be an election open for two weeks
  
* Simplify CoC page [#782](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/782)
  * Needs Board approval

* CPC Chairperson election 2021 [#772](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/772)
  * There were no additional nominees; Joe Sepi will be CPC chairperson for next term
  * Issue is closed

* Build stronger ties between At Large maintainers and their CPC Rep [#761](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/761)
  * Idea to have slack channel for such discussions - channel is public
  * Jory to add / invite maintainers who are in Slack
 
* Reminders for long term events [#758](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/758)
  * Need volunteer to work on this
  * add other items that need to be ‘reminded’

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * See Robin’s doc for the LiFT scholarships for training and certifications (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vNdYSSzuENSlEyTU3j1XsHTx_8flos4_0oxMejH_tWs/edit?usp=sharing)

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * reasonable request to help support from the foundation or from the LF

## Next week's working session

* Next week: Supporting the ‘Nebraska’ projects
* Future topics: CoC work; tech strategy; Community Fund; working session on the EasyCLA

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

