# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-08-31

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG05PDZ8JSk
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/792

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)  
* Rich Trott (@trott) 
* Tobie Langel (@tobie) 
* Michael Dawson (@mdawson) 
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb) 

## Agenda

### Announcements
* Jory to add Rich to contact list(s) & update GH
* News items - send to Robin, Jory, Brian &/or #pr-marketing channel in GH
* OpenJS World Programming Committee Meetings - every other week on Thursdays
* Book Club - Sept. 7
* EasyCLA migrations happening for projects!
* Thank you for the Cookies
* Elections - last day!
* Node JS Security releases, yay!

### Board Meeting Updates

* Board meeting for this month cancelled

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* \[WIP\] Start listing documents maintained by the CPC [#789](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/789)
  * WIP, please add those that you think should be included.


* Clarify requirements around CoC violation [#786](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/786)
  * Next steps agreed, just need to do them

* Kickoff election process for Secondary CPC Director. [#784](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/784)
  * Final day is today, results will be announced either tomorrow or once final voters have voted.

* Simplify CoC page [#782](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/782)
  * Board review happening async due to cancelled meeting 

* Build stronger ties between At Large maintainers and their CPC Rep [#761](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/761)
  * checkboxes complete
  * We should review in 1 quarter
  * Possible close once the doc for 758 is created

* Reminders for long term events [#758](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/758)
  * Joe is going to doc where we can add things
  * Review as Chair in each meeting

* Create proposal(s) for the Community Fund [#756](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/756)
  * Have proposal for Lift Scholarships, please comment, otherwise will be rolling out soon
  * Next working session will be talking about community fund (what else can we do)

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * Long conversation about this one last time. Jory Briefed Brian who was not able to make it
  * Talking to Mike Dolan and LF IT to explore feasibility of taking maintenance of the tool
     (Probot DCO)
  * Link to EasyCLA test repo from IP policy?
 
## Next week's working session

* Sept 7 working session will be more work on Community Fund proposal ideas
* Notes from Previous Working Session - the “supporting the nebraska projects” 

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

